Invisible recording transfers and Core camera coordinate system clarification (#407)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: src/invisible/README.md

## 4. Record!

That's it, you are ready to record! Just hit the big red button on the
Companion App's home screen to start.

If you run into any problems check out [troubleshooting](/invisible/user-guide/troubleshooting).

<v-divider></v-divider>

## 5. Playback and download

You can play back any recording you have made in recordings view. 

> You can also playback and download in [Pupil Cloud](/cloud "Pupil Cloud documentation"), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After uploading to Pupil Cloud, you can playback recordings, enrich data, and download. Check out [Pupil Cloud](https://cloud.pupil-labs.com/ "Pupil Cloud") for more information. 
```

> or [transfer directly](/invisible/user-guide/invisible-companion-app/#recording-transfer) to your 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Alternatively you can [directly transfer recordings](/invisible/user-guide/invisible-companion-app/#recording-transfer) to your 
```
